[CO-1626] Indicate that the free tier of storage is included with each plan (#5593)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/catalog.md

#### Catalogs Pro

> At a company level, the storage limit for Catalogs Pro will be based on the size of catalog data: 5&nbsp;GB, 10&nbsp;GB, or 15&nbsp;GB. The Free tier's 100MB of storage is included in addition to each of these plans.

Reviewer: Nit: Should we add the (non breaking) space between `100` and `MB` for consistency?

> At a company level, the storage limit for Catalogs Pro will be based on the size of catalog data: 5&nbsp;GB, 10&nbsp;GB, or 15&nbsp;GB. The Free tier's 100MB of storage is included in addition to each of these plans.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At a company level, the storage limit for Catalogs Pro will be based on the size of catalog data: 5&nbsp;GB, 10&nbsp;GB, or 15&nbsp;GB. Note that the free version's storage (100&nbsp;MB) is included in each of these plans.
```
